look at this okay so the new york auto
show is starting this week so we've got
a beautiful Cadillac here but this is
something that we want to point out you
that is now going to be offered by a
factory accessory choice and it has
something to do with this laptop sitting
on top of the car okay so you want to
surf the web while you're of course in
the backseat let me introduce you to
sterling Pratt sterling is with autonet
mobile great to see you and you guys are
unveiling something in partnership with
the embattled General Motors tell us
what this trunk is open and what's in
here yes the latest feature accessory
options from from Cadillac so what
they're offering now is the ability to
turn your car into Wi-Fi hotspot and
today customers can then use the Wi-Fi
hotspot is like the next generation of
entertainment systems for the car pull
this out let's say let's show viewers
here yeah it's really easy 1 button it
just pops right out and the way we
designed it with GM was the ability to
move it from one car to the next you
have your weekly driver car and they
also know people have their family car
on the weekend mobile executives use it
for the same reason they'll use it for
their work car during the week and then
they take it home for their family cars
on the weekend hey you're not supposed
to be using the computer while you're
driving let's get that out of the way
throat oh well it's about this yeah it's
really about it's all about bringing
connectivity to the vehicle we've
recognized in all the shows and studies
we've done that customers want the cell
phone and Internet connectivity at about
the same level and Chrysler and GM have
recognized that and both have brought it
to the future so it's going to be first
offered in the Cadillac CTS correct
exactly and how about broadening the
aperture I'm thinking kids in the back
seat of a minivan would be loving to
surf the web or do homework oh yeah most
definitely like today we have customers
using it for YouTube in the backseat
where they once did a DVD player they
almost never want to watch DVDs anymore
and then they're bringing itouches into
the front seat plugging them in the
Cadillac here and there listening to
internet radio so Pandora and fly cast
are really popular okay so David I want
to show you here it is this is it just
this antenna and if we walk over here
chris i want to show you come on
sterling so here is the laptop that you
would have inside your vehicle how is it
that you're driving along any road i
have trouble getting a cell phone signal
sometimes that you're going to have an
internet signal yeah we it took it's
about 18 months to develop the
technology that maintains a connection
basically we eliminate the drop
connections like you would on a cell
phone how
it's a true technology that we invented
and it eliminates anything that has to
do with internet failures and so as the
car moves between towers and networks
which they constantly do we maintain a
constant connection makes it really easy
for the family to use they don't have to
do anything how about urban areas versus
rural areas I'm out in the middle of I
don't know you know the farms of Ohio oh
it works great I mean we have NASCAR
teams rock bands are using it
everybody's using it right now and they
love it they travel all over the country
how much does it cost it's 499 through
1,300 Cadillac dealerships around the
country and then we'll start moving into
the other GM lines as well Chevy and
then the Volt applying as well what's it
been like to do business with a company
that doesn't know whether it's going to
be bankrupt in any given point you know
it's interesting because we see that the
OEM manufacturer level the aftermarket
and then also retail level and what
we're finding with the customer is that
they know they gotta focus on quality
and they gotta focus on delivering
features that customers want so they're
staying to the course with us I don't
even know how to business is a macbook
okay macbook just scroll right here put
on fox business com let's see if you can
get that up there see how well this
thing works azman will see if he can
because David blogs on here all the time
as do I so we'll see if we can pull up
our top page and when we can start
branching out to other auto companies
well obviously we've got chrysler dodge
and jeep that we did last summer now we
have the GM line we're going to focus
pretty hard on the GM line rolling it
out first with cadillac getting around
the country then to the chevy and then
to the bolt and then we're going to work
with other car manufacturers there's
definitely a lot of interest from it
especially when we've been at the shows
okay so where's fox business com
starting to pull is at any time normally
not little so I have a bunch of stuff on
here that we set up as a pre yeah 3 run
and and so what is your greatest hope
for autonet mobile because we talked
last year and tada fox business comm
yeah we got it here David but what is
here what is your real to hope dream for
this company we designed it to be a
network for car so we really want to see
all the car manufacturers work with us
because we can deliver new features
location-based advertising you can even
deliver coupons it can go from your car
to your smartphone all sorts of things
we feel will deliver in the future that
will make the car manufacturers more
money autonet mobile you now get to
offer this right in a Cadillac if you
want it you get to order it as an
accessory good luck to you it's great to
talk to you again sterling